Add documentation for the writing functionality (#56)
vnmabus/rdata: README.rst

  }

If you want to reference a particular version for reproducibility, check the version-specific DOIs available in Zenodo.

Usage
=====

Read an R dataset
-----------------

The common way of reading an rds file is:

.. code:: python

    import rdata

    converted = rdata.read_rds(rdata.TESTDATA_PATH / "test_dataframe.rds")
    print(converted)

which returns the read dataframe:

.. code:: none

      class  value
    1     a      1
    2     b      2
    3     b      3

> A similar rda file can be read similarly:

Reviewer: Maybe better with less repetition:
```suggestion
The analog rda file can be read in a similar way:
```
